# Open UI Telecon, November 12

## Agenda
* Resolve on a volunteer to fix checkboxes on checkbox research page [#177](https://github.com/WICG/open-ui/issues/177)
* Naming convention discussion â€” `oui-component` vs. `component` [#184](https://github.com/WICG/open-ui/issues/184)
* [Moved to future discussion] Discuss definition of a popup [#205](https://github.com/WICG/open-ui/pull/205)